Vocab words
Zenith- the time at which something is most powerful or successful.
Impediment - a hindrance or obstruction in doing something.
Integrity - the quality of being honest and having strong moral principles.
Pioneering- involving new ideas or methods.
Obsolete- no longer produced or used/ out of date.
Profuse - (especially of something offered or discharged) very plentiful/ abundant.
Affable – friendly, good-natured, or easy to talk.
Contradicting- deny the truth of (a statement) by asserting the opposite.
Dynamic - energetic
Vogue - popular fashion.
Knack - cleverness.
Conceited - excessively proud of oneself
Obdurate: stubbornly refusing to change one's opinion or course of action.
Scorn: a feeling and expression of contempt or disdain for someone or something.(Contempt--the feeling that somebody/something does not deserve any respect
Corroborate: confirm or give support to (a statement, theory, or finding).
Reverent: feeling or showing deep and solemn respect. ( Solemn--very serious or formal in manner, behavior, or expression.)
Facilitates- make (an action or process) easy or easier.
Exhibits- manifest clearly (a quality or a type of behaviour).
Ejecting- force or throw (something) out in a violent or sudden way.
Affiliate- attach officially or connect (a subsidiary group or a person) to an institute.
prejudice--opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience.
disinter--dig up (something that has been buried, especially a corpse).
impetus--the force or energy with which a body moves.
stimulus--something that encourage growth or cause activity.
euphoria--a feeling or state of intense excitement and happiness.
mere--used to emphasize that the fact of something being present in a situation is enough to influence that situation.
endured--to suffer
saintly--very holy or virtuous.
renounce--refuse or resign a right or position, especially one as an heir or trustee.
conquest--the subjugation and assumption of control of a place or people by military force.
caravan--a vehicle equipped for living in
leafing--turn over (the pages of a book or the papers in a pile)
kneel--be in or assume a position in which the body is supported by a knee or the knees, as when praying or showing submission.
contemplate--look thoughtfully for a long time at or trhink about.
pursue--follow or chase (someone or something)
enormous--very large in size, quantity, or extent.
sycamore--a tree with leaves divided into five parts 
sacristy--a room in a church where a priest prepares for a service
planks--a long, thin, flat piece of timber, used especially in building and flooring.Timber(a piece of wood)
stray--move away aimlessly from a group or from the right course or place.
accustomed--familiar with something
prod--to push something or someone with your finger or with an object.
vaguely--in a way that is uncertain, indefinite or unclear; roughly.
shear--cut the wool off
pastures--land covered with grass and other low plants suitable for grazing animals
slaughter--the killing of many people cruelly and unfairl
nourishment--the food necessary for growth, health, and good condition
seminary--a college for training people to become priests 
inexhaustible--existing in very great amounts 
Mused--to think about something carefully and for a long time
gypsy--any member of a nomadic people, esp a Roma or an Irish Traveller
palm--to hold in the hand
straits--a narrow passage of water connecting two seas
yearn--to wish very strongly,
envy--the feeling that you wish you had something that someone else ha
emerald--a bright green precious stone consisting of a chromium-rich variety of beryl
Tend--to be likely to happen or to have a particular characteristic or effec





